# -Tailoring-shop-management-system-software-source-code
Tailoring shop management systems are designed to automate transactions such as handling customer information, taking orders, checking on the progress of garments, making payments, and all other transactions that occur in tailoring shops. With traditional methods, customers must visit tailor shops themselves if they need tailoring services. Details about customers are collected manually and kept on paper. Customers will need to spend time and effort in acquiring services in a tailoring shop.The manual method is time consuming and costly for both the tailors and customers. As a result of the Manual system, transactions will be slowed down. An efficient tailoring shop needs a tool that can automate and speed up processes. It is very beneficial to have tailor management software for a tailoring business. With the tailor shop management system php, customers can also receive SMSes and emails. This tailor shop management system php  also manages the business staff's salary/payroll.This will ensure availability of right information, information safety, easy storage, access and retrieval. To improve tailoring management, the study will develop a computerized system that is more efficient and effective than a manual system.The tailoring industry is dominated by untrained people. Traditional manual systems are used by tailors to book their clients. The tailor shop is the only place where clients can get their measurements taken. In order to record these measurements, papers or books are used. As far as security is concerned, this method poses a high risk since the information can easily get lost, unauthorised individuals can access it, and confidentiality and integrity of the data are not maintained. There is no proper backup for the system and it is tedious. All these problems can be solved by online tailoring management systems, which automate tailor shops and enhance accessibility regardless of geographic location.By using online tailoring management systems, geographical barriers will be broken and tailors can be accessed quickly and easily. The traditional tailor management system will be replaced by a modern php-based system. The retrieval, storage, and security of data will be improved as a result. Furthermore, it is cost-effective since you will not have to travel to get your measurements and pick up your clothes. Clients can access their online tailors at any time and from anywhere if they are connected to the internet. In the future, internet access speeds will double as telecommunications advances, such as undersea cabling, decrease the cost of connecting to the internet. The tailor-made software will also become more competitive in the market as a result of this change.
